okay who is it who is it no to be
continued in case you haven't guessed
its fairy tail chapter 297 review time
ladies and gentlemen and it ended on one
hell of a cliffhanger but let's get back
to the rest of chapter shall we it
starts off where with the controversial
victory of Natsu last week when he
defeated sting in road if that's in the
past I didn't like it I think quite a
lot of people don't like it whatever
it's going with because this is really
quite a good chapter the plot thickens
it really moves ahead for words the
chapter is called the face of the girl
that I saw that time which is pretty
interesting and it you know so it's
quite a good chattering that it brings
this grand magic games arc in sort of a
full surf almost we're really against
their Wars the climax now so there's
only one day if they will the dime at 0
n boo um the grand magic game is only
one day left of that now there's me of a
survival battle royale every member of
every Guildsman take part and you know
it was like yeah well done let's the big
target is an answer to feed fairy tale
we see everyone's respective rivals Leon
wanted to fight grey icon of a lot their
names unfortunately itchy I wanted to
find Natsu the two guys from blue
Pegasus wanted to fight Geale that guy
wanted to find Laxus Kagura I think her
name is wanted to fight arisa
unfortunately I haven't seen enough of
these characters religion for them to be
memorable for me which is which is a
shame we then see a saber-tooth this
reaction a lectins near crying his eyes
out and froze just you know pretty sad
room as well then we see Rufus and that
all go guy I think his name is and you
know they're they're acting in typical
saber-tooth arrogance with a little bit
of foreshadowing as Rufus claims to have
memorized at that in the entire battle
and therefore technically he'd be
impossible to defeat because he knows
everything that nice you can do but
maybe good G will be the key to this too
when he fights for it first because you
know we didn't see anything that yugioh
could do
well the leader of savings Jenna kinda
goes with mental actually his ism his
fury just drives people away from him in
the in the seats and he is pretty cool
pictures just him left sitting there and
he's at he's raging he's very really
unhappy and that suit natsu gives the
very cliche shown hero line let's fight
again one day in what's possibly one of
most patronizing things you could say
this on you've defeated and yes a sting
and rogue was lying on the floor we
don't get to hear anything sting thinks
of the rogue thinks that maybe if
ghujiya was this powerful hehe
overestimate himself we then get one of
most interesting parts of the chapter
good deal underground after he got sent
away on the little minecart he discovers
a graveyard of dragons which is really
interesting because if this is
underneath the Colosseum then perhaps
what it means my dragons you know coming
together for the fights maybe they come
back back to life I'm not really sure
where this is going maybe the Eclipse
plant something to do with the dragon
grade but most likely perhaps bringing
them to life if the palace is on top of
the graveyard when it collapses like
we've seen in the foreshadows which
actually comes later on again in the
chapter it perhaps opens a hole to the
graveyard or something like that alan
arm just speculating within see gel
trying to catch the person with magic
powers similar to zareff within CA
yukino from Sabretooth we won't we know
that she's part of this Eclipse plan now
well apparently it sounds like it's only
temporary sounds like she must
volunteered for arcadia summer and
Arcadio spin that captain over the real
square know something and there's they
don't really talk about much to be
honest to just talk about ranks but then
we see which of the castle in hitchin
yukino thinks that he's trying to save
the world so maybe all these planet
planning on doing is if the dragons
because we think because a child then
get senior another premonition of the
castle crashing down so maybe Arcadia's
his plan is to bomb the castle maybe you
maybe it'll crush the dragon and
graveyard and prevent them from what
coming back to life because perhaps
Arcadius things that they're if they
return somehow they'll bring them out
the end of the world I don't know where
Lucy fits in
this but this is what this is when it
gets really interesting because they go
and visit Lucy they're like yay Natsu
one and it goes back to having that
person narrate the story again now Lucy
used to narrate fairytale it's not Lucy
anymore though that's what we we worked
that out the beginning of this arc
because the person talks Lucy and many
people speculated who it was that was
narrating the art now and it's now
confirmed that it was levy like a lot of
people thought it's really interesting
cuz she says she this is she's narrating
it in the future she says the last
battle was a violent one which is the
last day of fighting then on July the
service they lost to destiny two people
died maybe three because she said
someone died so I outside and my dear
also so three people died there seems to
be a just an image of a massive
full-scale battle or a ravaged
battleground levy crying her eyes out
she seems to have some massive scar
ahead and bandages I'm not sure did she
didn't always have that on things she
I'm not going crazy no she didn't know
so she gets an enormous scar across
ahead from the fighting and she's
literally wrapped up in bandages and she
just wants someone to help them so
something big is going to go down in the
next few chapters gel then catches up to
the person who's been following he says
I'll show you who I am fish I mean who
you are he notices that the person is a
female she slowly turns around we get
the chin and then gel all was just like
no way and I clicked for the next page
to be continued maxima why would you do
this to us I have to say I really
enjoyed the face of the girl that I saw
that time I thought it was a colossal
improvement from the Natsu vs sting &
rogue fight there was a lot of plot
movement it's always really interesting
when we get these crazy premonitions I'm
going to give this chapter and eight I
hope to see more like this next chapter
might even get a higher ranking what do
you think's going to happen though leave
your comments in the section below my
speculations are perhaps Arcadia is
planning on destroying the graveyard
somehow maybe he thinks that'll save the
world something to do with that
graveyard it's going to you know play a
massive role gajeel is it looks like
he's with the group again now so he
doesn't seem to have told them while
halfway saw down there but it's you know
pretty a pretty major and can someone
correct me on this but did we ever see
what was behind what was beneath fairy
tale that um master showed gildarts and
i think it was all access but one of the
two and it was like the earth is pretty
major do we have a find out what that
was was that what um ivan was talking
about I can't actually remember you can
someone let me know in the comments
below but this was a great chapter oh
you know I'm really quite looking
forward to the next one actually for the
first time in a couple of weeks so yeah
that's my review and I'll check out
checking this week see you later